Add eslint-plugin-fluid package in common/build (#19628)
microsoft/FluidFramework: common/build/eslint-plugin-fluid/README.md

# @fluid-internal/eslint-plugin-fluid

This package contains custom ESLint rules specific for Fluid Framework. It is consumed by the `@fluidframework/eslint-config-fluid` package as a custom plugin (check `minimal.js`'s `plugins` array).

An ESLint Plugin is an extension for ESLint that adds additional custom rules and configuration options.

See [ESLint: Name a Plugin](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/extend/plugins) for more details.

## Background

The `@fluid-internal/eslint-plugin-fluid` is directly consumed by the `@fluidframework/eslint-config-fluid` package. Although, it is a best practice to avoid multiple packages which serve similar purpose, this decision was inevitably induced by the `ESLint`'s requirements which enforce:

-   Each plugin to be an npm module with a name in the format of `eslint-plugin-foo` or `@scope/eslint-plugin-foo`.

See [ESLint: Name a Plugin](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/extend/plugins#name-a-plugin) for more details. If there is a development in unifying the separate package structure, it should be done to ensure stronger package maintainability.

## Rules

> Currently there are two custom rules within the package:

Reviewer: Nit: this will likely get out of date pretty quickly. It might be better to just point readers to `src/rules` if they want more information on the individual rules. Hopefully each rule's module is documented to explain what it does.

-   `no-restricted-tags-imports`: Restrict imports of `@internal` tagged items.

> -   `no-member-release-tags`: Restrict inclusion of any release tags inside the member of the class, function, interface, type, and enums.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   `no-member-release-tags`: Prevent use of release tags on member properties of classes and interfaces, where they are not valid.
```

> ## Applying the Custom Rules

Reviewer: Nit: I'm not sure this section is necessary. As far as this package is concerned, it's just exporting rules as a plugin. How our config package chooses to use the rules is up to it.
